The old man himself has a trap
Plus the stimulation of allergy medication
The disease is getting worse
I'm afraid only a weird move can bring the dead back to life
It's all you bitches
I heard that grandpa drank your wine
What did this do to my grandfather?
Yes, sister Qinghuan
What do you think of your uncle?
Tell me quickly.
Hello Yueyue
Uncle just now
He drank the wine that the woman in Lu Qinghuan's hand had
He fainted.
Come back quickly
Lu Qinghuan, this bitch, let him wait for me
Brother, tell me
What kind of medicine did uncle grow?
I want to know too.
Yes
This is amazing
What a wonder
bitch
You bitch
It's watching you play hard to get and get discovered
I'm afraid I won't be able to marry my cousin
You want to climb into my grandfather's bed?
Lu Xinhuan is not like this
Cousin, how can you
The first priority is to save grandpa first
Aren't you the youngest doctor in Haicheng?
Even you can't help it.
So the genius doctor is the third brother?
Now.
I'm afraid there are only refreshing pills for weird research
To save the old man's life
twilight
Brother An An is willing to spend all his pocket money
Buy medicine for uncle
As long as he gets better
Weird is always mysterious
No one knew who he was.
No matter how hard he is
How can someone grow up so easily?
What can be done then?
I didn't want to reveal my identity
Never mind.
For the sake of the uncle treating me well
Help him once
It's with me.
It's fresh with me
Take it to Guoyi